---
title: Introducing the SSF Blog!
keywords: scholarship, update, feedback, college
---

## Welcome to the SEBS Scholarship Foundation blog!

We're very excited to share what we've been up to, so we'd like to present our SSF Blog! Our platform for sharing 
news, events, and announcements about the SEBS Scholarship Foundation.

We’re glad you’re here! Here we’ll post scholarship updates, event information, college and application tips from our volunteers, and announcements from the Foundation.

As of the post date, we are busy reading all of the 2020 applications and choosing the finalists. We will announce the winner of the scholarship by **May 14**.

We are LOVING all of the applications we received, and we are confident that every one of you will go on to do great things! You rock!

If you are a SEBS senior (whether you applied for the scholarship or not), we would really appreciate it if you could fill out this [feedback form](https://forms.gle/eqVD7GPhCsWQVdTY8). This will help us make the SEBS Scholarship a better experience for future classes! In addition, if you’d like to help us administer the scholarship for future classes, [get in touch with us to volunteer](https://forms.gle/PGQbzymeGPz1E7U27). We’d love your help!

Finally, if you still haven’t decided on a college yet, we’ve created a [free college decision matrix tool](/assets/documents/College_Decision_Matrix.xlsx) to help!

We’ve got some more posts planned in the coming weeks, but for now, feel free to explore our main site and learn more about us.

Until next time!